It's good to win today, I'll show you
here how to set up the 3g in cinema box
whether it be with lining I see things in which the
my fantasy
so using in 3g mode on mk fp I use
also on cable and internet from 2 to 5 megs
there is another 3g here we have internet
clear simple is that of 60
cents per day
so it's very simple but it's running
cool but when you lock it because the
sign here from home does not get legal clear
The coolest megapixels are running
right
Let's see, it's good here.
utilities
I put it without school awareness to you
want mobile internet setup
and internet also wifi you are
adapter does not have an effect or 3g
clicking here very closely because the
people do not explain legal make a video
book then explain well I always sit
O live here tim clear hi this telecom
case with 3g there in the corner configure
a little time and light used tape
so I'm here with the yellow button
of control
when you click with the yellow button install the
profile nor claro apn claro attended
already the samba there you boot feel alone
If you use your email, you'll
of its clear and clear access control
Authentication you boot pin up that is
that
configured that's it there is no error
this configuration was making everyone legal
the channels that the band liked very much and I
I fought the galera very fond of combat
perfect leasing using 36 maybe will
drop here I pull because of the connection
The cable does not always take a hundred, but you
do not touch the cable rj notice using the order
in which the team keeps rolling
calm of class